Fix actionable-message.stories for new Storybook doc (#12622)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: ui/components/ui/actionable-message/README.mdx

import { Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import ActionableMessage from '.';

# Actionable Message

> Popup component that give the user information. Actionable Message component can generate a tooltip and a maximum of two action buttons.

Reviewer: I don't think the actual component has a "popup" function? It may also cause confusion if we have a popup component in future. 

```suggestion
An ActionableMessage displays an important message that attracts the user's attention. It can also generate a tooltip and provide a maximum of two action buttons.
```

Author: Yes good point
